c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\obj\Debug\EnviaEmail.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\EnviaEmail.dll.config
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\EnviaEmail.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\EnviaEmail.pdb
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\obj\Debug\EnviaEmail.dll
c:\users\uc14100729.slab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\obj\Debug\EnviaEmail.pdb
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\EnviaEmail.dll.config
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\EnviaEmail.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\EnviaEmail.pdb
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\obj\Debug\EnviaEmail.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\obj\Debug\EnviaEmail.dll
C:\Users\mauriciojunior\Desktop\EnviaEmail\EnviaEmail\obj\Debug\EnviaEmail.pdb
